playlist.md, before:

# La playlist la plus mieux du monde :dancer:

## Du Funk !

| Titre | Style |
|---|---|
|[Fred Wesley - The Ballad of Beulah Baptist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uKaFtiks0G4)| Funk Jazz |
|[James Brown - People Get Up And Drive Your Funky Soul](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0chqsOCQDI)| Soul Funk |
|[Mark Ronson  ft. Bruno Mars - Uptown Funk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPf0YbXqDm0)| Pop Funk |
|[Earth, Wind & Fire - September](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gs069dndIYk)| Funk |
|[Jackson 5 - ABC](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vnrzn4EZgzE)| Funk |


## Du Hip Hop !

| Titre | Style |
|---|---|
|[Nas - I Can](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvVfgvHucRY) | Old School US Hip Hop
|[IAM - L'École du Micro d'Argent](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4uHgwHdXOA)| Rap Français |
|[Kendrick Lamar - i](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aShfolR6w8) | Soul Hip Hop |

## Du Rock !

| Titre | Style |
|---|---|
|[T. Rex - Get It On](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZkTh_T75QY) | Glam Rock |
|[Elvis Presley - Jailhouse Rock](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpsUOOfb-vE) | Rock n roll |
|[Toto - Hold The Line](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htgr3pvBr-I) | Pop Rock |

## Du Metal !

| Titre | Style |
|---|---|
|[ALESTORM - Drink](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f55CqLc6IR0) | Pirate Metal |
|[Tool - The Pot](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=civuoU_NE38) | Progressive Metal |
|[System Of A Down - Aerials](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-iepu3EtyE) | Nu Metal |

## Des Beats !

| Titre | Style |
|---|---|
|[Fatboy Slim - Praise You](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruAi4VBoBSM) | UK Big Beat |
|[Hoodboi - Glide feat. Tkay Maidza](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ypy9rw0Mhy8) | Deep House |
|[C2C - Happy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvY7Nw1i6Kw) | Breakbeat |

Commit message:

Modification de la playlist funk et rock

playlist.md, after:

# La playlist la plus mieux du monde :dancer:

## Du Funk !

| Titre | Style |
|---|---|
|[Fred Wesley - The Ballad of Beulah Baptist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uKaFtiks0G4)| Funk Jazz |
|[James Brown - People Get Up And Drive Your Funky Soul](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0chqsOCQDI)| Soul Funk |
|[Mark Ronson  ft. Bruno Mars - Uptown Funk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPf0YbXqDm0)| Pop Funk |
|[Earth, Wind & Fire - September](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gs069dndIYk)| Funk |
|[Jackson 5 - ABC](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vnrzn4EZgzE)| Funk |
|[The Whispers - And The Beat Goes On](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOaxEa5ONJw)| Funk |


## Du Hip Hop !

| Titre | Style |
|---|---|
|[Nas - I Can](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvVfgvHucRY) | Old School US Hip Hop
|[IAM - L'École du Micro d'Argent](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4uHgwHdXOA)| Rap Français |
|[Kendrick Lamar - i](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aShfolR6w8) | Soul Hip Hop |

## Du Rock !

| Titre | Style |
|---|---|
|[T. Rex - Get It On](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZkTh_T75QY) | Glam Rock |
|[Elvis Presley - Jailhouse Rock](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpsUOOfb-vE) | Rock n roll |
|[Toto - Hold The Line](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htgr3pvBr-I) | Pop Rock |
|[Queen - Bohemian Rhapsody](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJ9rUzIMcZQ) | Rock |
|[Led Zeppelin - Stairway To Heaven](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nnu1E5Kslig) | Pop Rock |

## Du Metal !

| Titre | Style |
|---|---|
|[ALESTORM - Drink](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f55CqLc6IR0) | Pirate Metal |
|[Tool - The Pot](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=civuoU_NE38) | Progressive Metal |
|[System Of A Down - Aerials](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-iepu3EtyE) | Nu Metal |

## Des Beats !

| Titre | Style |
|---|---|
|[Fatboy Slim - Praise You](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruAi4VBoBSM) | UK Big Beat |
|[Hoodboi - Glide feat. Tkay Maidza](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ypy9rw0Mhy8) | Deep House |
|[C2C - Happy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvY7Nw1i6Kw) | Breakbeat |
